# MBM-online-examination-system
Online Examination systems have gained a lot of popularity and acceptance in recent years. With the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic, the situation changed even more. During the crisis, we witnessed a rapid digital transformation and the adoption of disruptive technology across different industries. Education was one of the potential sectors that gained many benefits from deploying disruptive technologies. Since COVID-19 saw a shutdown of schools, colleges and universities, it affected the studies of students. At that time there was an immediate need of some solution that can be used for conducting exams and evaluation of students can be done accurately. And since then, Online portals for exams have become an imperative part of the sector. It has a huge impact and it has enabled the sector to improve candidate’s monitoring and evaluation.
In this project, we have tried to develop a software that conducts online exams for our MBM University. Everyone should be aware of the traditional method of examinations i.e., pen method in colleges and institutes. But it’s all gone now! Faculty require a lot of time and productive effort in the entire process, from producing question papers to producing offline results. Even if the number of students increases, teacher monitoring or evaluation can be difficult. To gain control over this and easily analyse student performance, the entire process must be automated, avoiding most human intervention. Here comes “online exam software” for our university!
This project will Create different types of questions. Login system is present and secured by password. This project also has the ability to save the answer given by the candidate along with the question, Answer checking system is available. It could Update Profile Log out after the over and also has an Admin Panel.
The project report covers every aspect of our project from introduction, technologies used, work details to conclusion and future scope.

